Before Turn 0:
	Show tile roll numbers on GUI (and maybe resource type in text?)

Turn 0:
	Phase 1: For player {1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 3, 2, 1}
		A. Place settlement
			1. Prompt on GUI
			2. Wait for click on intersection
			3. Check if it is a valid position to place a settlement
			4a. If it is valid place it in the board data structure
				- Color the appropriate intersection that player's color
			4b. If it is not, display settlement placement rules and go to step 2
		B. Place road adjacent to that settlement
			1. Prompt on GUI
			2. Wait for click on path
			3. Verify path is adjacent to settlement placed in A.
			4. If it is, go to 5a, if it is not, go to 5b
			5a. Place the path in the data structure
			6a. Color the respective path the player's color on the board and go to Phase 2
			5b. Display "Road must be played adjacent to the settlement you just placed"
			6b. Go to step 2.
	Phase 2: Distribute resources from the bank to the players based on adjacent tiles
		A. Iterate over all hexes and call DistributeResources()

	Phase 3: Begin play

Turn 1: For player {1, 2, 3, 4}
	Phase 1: Roll for resources / Robber
		1. Prompt die roll
		2. Wait for click on roll die
		3. Calculate die roll
		4. Display result of die roll on GUI
		6. If a 7 is rolled go to 7, else go to 8.
		7. Active player moves the robber
			a. Prompt Hex Selection for robber placement
			b. Move the robber unless it is the same tile it already inhabits
			c. From the new tile, select a player to steal a resource from
		8. Resources are distributed
			a. For each hex of the number that is rolled, if the robber is not present,
			   iterate over adjacent intersection and distribute resources

	Phase 2: Trading Phase
		A. Trade with another player
			1. Player A selects "Trade with another player"
			2. GUI prompts which player to ask for a trade with (Player B)
			3. Player A selects which resources they wish to trade away, and what they want in
			   return
			4. Player B is prompted to Accept or Decline the trade
			5. If Player B selects Decline, go to 6a, if Player B selects Accept go to 6b
			6a. Player A may either repeat from step A or B or Proceed to Phase 3.
			6b. Resources are exchanged between the players, Player A may repeat step A or B or 
			    Proceed to Phase 3.

		B. Trade with a harbor
			1. Player selects "Trade with bank"
			2. Trade options are displayed by harbor availability.
			3. Player selects 4:1, 3:1, or 2:1 with a specific resource
			4. Player selects what resource they wish to trade away, and which resource they
			   want in return.

	Phase 3: Building Phase
		Case 1: Player builds a road
			1. Player selects "Build a Road"
			2. If the player has 1 Lumber and 1 Brick, return these resources to the bank
			   and move to step 3. Otherwise notify the player that they have insufficient
			   resources and return to Phase 3.
			3. Prompt the player to place their road
			4. Wait for click on a path
			5. Check if path is a valid position for a new road owned by the active player
			6a. If it is valid place it in the board data structure
				- Color the appropriate intersection that player's color
			6b. If it is not, display road placement rules and go to step 4
			7. Check for longest road

		Case 2: Player builds a settlement
			1. Player selects "Build a Settlement"
			2. If the player has 1 Lumber, 1 Brick, 1 Wool, and 1 Grain return these resources 
			   to the bank and move to step 3. Otherwise notify the player that they have insufficient resources and return to Phase 3.
			3. Prompt the player to place their settlement
			4. Wait for click on an intersection
			5. Check if intersection is a valid position for a new road owned by the active 
			   player
			6a. If it is valid place it in the board data structure
				- Color the appropriate intersection that player's color
			6b. If it is not, display settlement placement rules and go to step 4

		Case 3: Player builds a city
			1. Player selects "Build a City"
			2. If the player has 3 Grain and 2 Ore, return these resources to the bank and move 
			   to step 3, otherwise notify the player that they have insufficient resources and return to Phase 3
			3. Prompt the player to select a settlement they own to replace with a city
			4. Wait for click on an intersection
			5. Check if intersection is a settlement owned by player
			6a. If it is valid, update it to be a city
				- Color the intersection a darker version of the player's color
			6b. If the player does not own any settlements, refund resources and cancel the 
			    action notifying the player that they do not have any settlements to upgrade
			6c. If it is not a valid position and the player does have a settlement, display
			    city placement rules and go to step 4

		Case 4: Player buys a dev card
			1. Player selects "Buy a Dev Card"
				- If there are no dev cards remaining, display a message and stop.
			2. If the player has 1 Grain, 1 Ore, and 1 Wool, return these resources to the bank 
			   and move to step 3, otherwise notify the player of insufficient resources and return to Phase 3
			3. Give the player a development card from the shuffled deck of dev cards if there are dev cards.

	End Turn passes play to the next player from Phase 1.